Link:https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Zihan%20Wang/comp1100%20recording%201%20.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=A41Dhc
Interview 1:Age:21 Degree: Marketing  International Student year 2

Speaker 1: What sources of information or support do you usually use when making course-selection decisions?
Speaker 2: I was looking for some information on Red Book, a Chinese social media platform where many Chinese students studying abroad share their course selections. Sometimes, I search for information on UQ Blackboard.
Speaker 1:What information do you wish had been clearer or easier to find when you were choosing your courses?
Speaker 2: Maybe the assessment part, which is important for me. And I prefer something that shows more details about the course content.
Speaker 1:What part of choosing courses feels most risky to get wrong for you? (For examples: finding out what courses you need to enrol in, actually enrolling in them through SI-net, scheduling them on your timetable)
Speaker 2: I think there is no risk for me. I don’t think I will get it wrong.
Speaker 1:Have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? If so, how did you decide whether to take it or not?
Speaker 2: Yes, I do. I once chose a course called 1150 “Guitar”, which is not related to my future career. But in another way, it is my hobby, so I still chose it.
Speaker 1:Have you ever regretted choosing a course because it was too difficult, irrelevant to your major or desired career, or just not useful? What happened?
Speaker 2: I think I just kept doing the course. Generally, every course in UQ is helpful and can be useful in life. So I didn’t drop it, I just continued studying, and I think it may help me in the future.
Speaker 1:Have you ever had to contact Student Central or another university administrative service to clarify or resolve an issue related to course selection, or courses in general? If so, what was the issue?
Speaker 2: No, I haven’t.
Speaker 1:If there were a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? (E.g. explain what the course is, how it is relevant to your degree, what career paths it helps with, etc.)
Speaker 2: Maybe it could be an app. It should show all the available courses in each semester, explain the content clearly, and provide more details about what the course is about. It could also give some information about future career paths related to the course.