Link:https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Zihan%20Wang/comp1100%20recording%202.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=hgM19j
Interview 2:Age:20 Degree:Computer Science International Student year2

Speaker 1: What sources of information or support do you usually use when making course-selection decisions?
Speaker 2: For me, I usually check the course website and the course profiles. I also look at course outlines.
Speaker 1:What information do you wish had been clearer or easier to find when you were choosing your courses?
Speaker 2: I think the course content and assessment details should be clearer. Sometimes it is difficult for me to understand what the course is really about just by reading the description online.
Speaker 1:What part of choosing courses feels most risky to get wrong for you? (For examples: finding out what courses you need to enrol in, actually enrolling in them through SI-net, scheduling them on your timetable)
Speaker 2: I think nothing.
Speaker 1:Have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? If so, how did you decide whether to take it or not?
Speaker 2: I'm not sure, I don't have the experience to answer this question.
Speaker 1:Have you ever regretted choosing a course because it was too difficult, irrelevant to your major or desired career, or just not useful? What happened?
Speaker 2: Yes, this has happened before. I once chose a course that didn’t match my expectations one year ago. It was very different from what I thought, and it was quite difficult for me. So I decided to drop it.
Speaker 1:Have you ever had to contact Student Central or another university administrative service to clarify or resolve an issue related to course selection, or courses in general? If so, what was the issue?
Speaker 2: Yes, actually I have. I contacted them when I had issues with my enrollment. I wasn’t sure about the prerequisites, so I asked them to confirm it.
Speaker 1:If there were a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? (E.g. explain what the course is, how it is relevant to your degree, what career paths it helps with, etc.)
Speaker 2: I would like it to provide recommendations based on my major. It would also be helpful if it could show reviews from other students.