# Interview 2: Age: 19, Degree: Law/Arts, Domestic Student, Year 2
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Guinness%20McBurnie/GuinnessMcBurnieInterview2.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=iVXB7d

Speaker 1: Thank you for consenting. What do you study?

Speaker 2: I'm studying a dual degree of law and arts.

Speaker 1: Perfect. And how old are you?

Speaker 2: I am 19 years old.

Speaker 1: And what year are you in?

Speaker 2: I am in my second year.

Speaker 1: Perfect. Okay, so question one. What sources of information or support do you usually use when making course selection decisions?

Speaker 2: I found in my first year that there was a dual degree study planner for law arts. So I usually look to that when I enrol and select my courses.

Speaker 1: Perfect. Is there any information you wish had been clearer or easier to find when you were choosing your courses?

Speaker 2: The specific requirements in each of the courses, like you must do this compulsory course and it's worth this unit, it's kind of hard to find and you have to click through a lot of things, so I found that kind of tedious.

Speaker 1: Are there any parts of choosing your courses that kind of feels risky? Like in terms of, do you have difficulty finding out what you need to enrol in? Do you struggle to actually enrol in them through SI-NET? Do you have difficulty scheduling them on your timetable? Do you face any issues with any of that?

Speaker 2: Not particularly, but I'm not really sure if this is related. My friends in law were doing, we both got the same courses, but some people I know are doing criminal law and some people are doing property law, and apparently those people went and saw Student Central or whatever and apparently they were told that it's better to do property law because of something that was supposed to happen, but I wasn't aware of this and I'm sure a lot of other people weren't aware of this.

Speaker 1: So you think because of the degree they're doing they might be learning more important information?

Speaker 2: I think it's just the structure and how we're supposed to enrol in our courses for law and it's just like, "Oh, what if I don't graduate with the right thing?"

Speaker 1: Have you ever regretted enrolling in a course because it was too difficult, you felt like it was kind of irrelevant to your major or your degree, or it just didn't align with what you wanted to do in terms of your career?

Speaker 2: No, most of my courses have set a sort of foundation for what I'm learning this year. So like last year I had a lot of introductory courses in arts and they kind of go back to that information a lot in my courses this year.

Speaker 1: All right, perfect. Have you ever had to contact Student Central or kind of any other administrative body to deal with any issues regarding enrolment or just queries about your courses?

Speaker 2: Yes, I was actually originally doing a Bachelor of Science and Law at the start of first year and I wanted to drop out of Science and meet the Arts and I contacted Student Central but they were very helpful.

Speaker 1: Okay, perfect. If there was a tool that was to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? For some examples: explain what the course is, how it is relevant to your degree, what career paths it can help with, or how to best manage the workload.

Speaker 2: I feel like something that tells you exactly what you need to do and what order to graduate would be a little bit helpful, especially for those with double degrees and whatnot.

Speaker 1: Perfect. Thank you for your time.

Speaker 2: Thank you.