# Interview 3: Age: 19, Degree: Law/Arts, Domestic Student, Year 2 Arts and Year 1 Law
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Guinness%20McBurnie/GuinnessMcBurnieInterview3.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=9wKeha

Speaker 1: Thank you for consenting. Uh, how old are you?

Speaker 2: I am 19 years old.

Speaker 1: And what do you study?

Speaker 2: A Bachelor of Law and Arts.

Speaker 1: And what year are you in?

Speaker 2: I'm in my first year of law and second year of arts.

Speaker 1: Okay. So my first question is, what sources of information or support do you usually use when making course selection decisions?

Speaker 2: Um, I use the course planner that you guys give out for law and arts.

Speaker 1: Perfect. Uh, what information do you wish had been clearer or easier to find when you were choosing your courses?

Speaker 2: Um, what courses were necessary that you need to graduate with the arts degree because it's quite wishy-washy with certain majors and what electives you need to have or not.

Speaker 1: All righty. Um, what part of choosing courses felt most risky for you to get wrong? For example, did you ever feel like you weren't 100% sure what courses you needed to enroll in, you weren't sure how to actually enroll in them through SI-net, or you were unsure how to schedule them through timetable?

Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, I had no idea how to do any of that. So, um, I had to ask one of my friends to show me how to do the timetable thing and where to find it. I think that could have been more clearer, or there should have been an easier how-to video when you first enrolled.

Speaker 1: All righty. Uh, have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? If so, how did you decide whether to take it or not?

Speaker 2: Um, I think I just looked at what I really wanted to do, which is diplomacy, and I saw that for Bachelor of Art, I could do IR and Polisci.

Speaker 1: Ah, and stemming from that, have you ever regretted choosing a course because it was too difficult or kind of you felt like it was irrelevant to your degree, major, or desired career?

Speaker 2: Um, I did feel that I took a course that it was irrelevant, um, as it was kind of repeating the same stuff I had learned previously, but it wasn't, it was like stemming on the same thing, and so I still kept it because it was a course requirement, but it was kind of repetitive and a waste of money in my opinion.

Speaker 1: Righty. Uh, have you ever had to contact Student Central or another administrative service to clarify or resolve an issue related to course selection?

Speaker 2: Yes, I had to contact Student Central in regards to one of the courses I chose and whether that would be put into my major for Polisci or IR, and whether I could put it for both because I was unsure of whether I could just use one course for two majors, um, because they've got quite similar courses.

Speaker 1: Righty, perfect. If there was a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? For example, explain what the course is, how it's relevant, or what career path it can help you with.

Speaker 2: I think I would want a tool to definitely help with course selection, as well to help you like, or another website to help you tick off what you've already done and what you have left, because I think there's a lot of issues around where people will graduate and whether they've done everything that they need to do that is relevant to their degree. And I think something that would help explain the course and how it's relevant to a degree would be very useful.

Speaker 1: Perfect. Thank you for your time.

Speaker 2: Thank you.