# Interview 4: Age: 19, Degree: Engineering, Domestic Student, Year 3
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Guinness%20McBurnie/GuinnessMcBurnieInterview4.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=aKoxyf

Speaker 1: Thank you for consenting. How old are you?

Speaker 2: 19.

Speaker 1: And what do you study?

Speaker 2: Engineering.

Speaker 1: And what year are you in?

Speaker 2: My third year.

Speaker 1: Okay, perfect. So, what sources of information or support do you usually use when making course selection decisions?

Speaker 2: Um, I usually rely on the course guide mainly.

Speaker 1: Okay. Perfect. What information do you wish had been clearer or easier for you to find when you were choosing your courses?

Speaker 2: I think making sure that I was covering all the prereqs and that the classes I was taking were prereqs for the classes that I was going to take next term.

Speaker 1: Perfect. And I guess your answer to this one would kind of be similar. Is there a part of choosing courses that felt most risky for you to get wrong?

Speaker 2: Yeah, messing up the prereqs. I just, I didn't want to tag any extra time on.

Speaker 1: Exactly. Okay. Have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? If so, how did you decide whether to take it or not?

Speaker 2: Um, probably less of an issue because engineering's quite set out. But I'd say usually I decide for my electives based off the assessment difficulty, like whether it's exams or more assessment based.

Speaker 1: Okay. Have you ever regretted choosing a course because it was too difficult, you felt like it was irrelevant to your major or desired career, or it just wasn't useful?

Speaker 2: Um, yeah, I've had classes that I regret taking, just in the sense that I didn't really enjoy them. Like, I don't enjoy my electives necessarily.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Alrighty. Have you ever had to contact an administrative body to resolve an issue related to course selection?

Speaker 2: No. No, I haven't.

Speaker 1: Alrighty, no worries. If there was a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? I'll give you some examples, maybe explain what the course is, how it's relevant to a degree or career path it might help you with, something like that.

Speaker 2: I think kind of, yeah, probably a bit more general information. I like to know what to expect in terms of assessment and lecturers as well. Like if there is a course being taught by a specific lecturer I really enjoy, I'd probably rather sign up to that than something else, but yeah.

Speaker 1: Alrighty, perfect. Well, that's it. Thank you for your time.

Speaker 2: No worries.