# Interview 5: Age: 21, Degree: Engineering and Design, Domestic Student, Year 3
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Guinness%20McBurnie/GuinnessMcBurnieInterview5.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=ukFgDA

Speaker 1: Thank you for consenting. How old are you?

Speaker 2: I'm 21.

Speaker 1: And what do you study?

Speaker 2: Bachelor of Engineering and Design.

Speaker 1: Perfect. And what year are you in?

Speaker 2: Third year.

Speaker 1: Easy. Okay, so my first question is, what sources of information or support do you usually use when making course selection decisions?

Speaker 2: Um, I look at the course profiles. I see what prereqs that is required. And obviously, I check whether I've done it. If I haven't done it, then I will sign up for the next available one. But also, I have the program structure PDFs that's available on the UQ website.

Speaker 1: Ah, the course guide?

Speaker 2: Yeah.

Speaker 1: All right. For Bachelor of Design and Engineering?

Speaker 2: Yeah, like your dual degree planner.

Speaker 1: Yeah. All righty. What information do you wish had been clearer or easier to find when you were choosing your courses?

Speaker 2: Um, easier to find. Maybe right now, I wish there was some sort of streamlined way to look at what prerequisites I have to do, what courses I have to do, like a flow diagram, so I don't have to click into the course and that course tells me what I should have done before.

Speaker 1: Right. So just like a better overview of your prereqs and what order you can take them in?

Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1: All righty. I guess that kind of leads into my next question. Is there a part of choosing courses that kind of felt risky for you, in terms of like you had difficulties finding out what classes you need to enroll in, you weren't sure if you met the prerequisites, anything like that?

Speaker 2: No, not really.

Speaker 1: All righty. Have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? If so, how did you decide whether to take it or not?

Speaker 2: Um, what I'm doing right now very much is unknown. I don't know anybody that has completed this program yet.

Speaker 1: Yeah, because it's quite a new program in UQ.

Speaker 2: Yeah. So, I'm just relying on hope right now.

Speaker 1: Okay. Optimism.

Speaker 2: Optimism.

Speaker 1: Have you ever regretted choosing a course because it was too difficult, you felt like it was irrelevant to your major or desired career, or it just wasn't useful?

Speaker 2: No.

Speaker 1: No? So you felt like all your courses were pretty relevant, useful?

Speaker 2: Um, I think I never think about whether it will be relevant or useful in the future, because I never know what I need in the future, so.

Speaker 1: All righty. Have you ever had to contact Student Central or kind of any other administrative body to resolve an issue related to course selection, or anything about courses in general?

Speaker 2: No, the biggest struggle I have is just like, I don't know what options are available after I graduate. So, I can't contact Student Central for that.

Speaker 1: All righty. Yeah. If there was a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? And just to give you some examples, maybe it would explain what a course is about, how it's relevant to your degree, or what career paths it can help you with?

Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, career paths. That's what I've been talking about. Yeah, it would be really helpful to know what options are available out there.

Speaker 1: Yeah.

Speaker 2: Explain what the course is. Oh yes, I think the current official UQ website has very limited information on what the course is like.

Speaker 1: Mhm.

Speaker 2: There are some student-made websites that have failed in the past.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Is it made by UQ CompSci students?

Speaker 2: I think so. I don't know. But where you can rate a course, rate the organizational structure, or rate the lecturers. And it's just like, it's not affiliated to UQ whatsoever. It's made by some UQ students.

Speaker 1: But you think it's kind of useful?

Speaker 2: It's very useful, but obviously it's old and nobody's maintained it now.

Speaker 1: All right. I forgot what it's called and I'll do some research.

Speaker 2: Yeah, I can get back to you on that.

Speaker 1: All right. Well, thank you for your time.

Speaker 2: Sure.
