# Interview 1: Age: 19, Degree: Bachelor of Arts, Domestic Student, Year 2
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/51_SriKrishna/Guinness%20McBurnie/GuinnessMcBurnieInterview1.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=djlIZN

Speaker 1: What sources of information or support do you usually use when making course selection decisions?

Speaker 2: I usually look at the ECP, so the electronic course profile that's provided. I have a look at the aims and the key outcomes and things like that. I have a look at what's entailed in the assessment. That's usually my go-to

Speaker 1: Perfect. And do you wish there was some information that was clearer or easier for you to find when you were choosing your courses?

Speaker 2: Definitely how to guide myself through the course. I've only really had a case of one course where they kind of detail a guide to survive it. I wish I had that more in my courses, so I have a good understanding of how to revise and study for it.

Speaker 1: Perfect. Is there a part of choosing courses that felt kind of risky for you? For example, where you were worried you were going to mis-enrol in something, or scheduling along a timetable, was that difficult for you?

Speaker 2: Yes, definitely. Sometimes it's a bit scary, especially when it comes to course clashes and lectures and tutorials. It can get a bit tricky.

Speaker 1: Yeah. Perfect. Have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? Or did you ever feel like there was a course that was kind of irrelevant to what you were wanting to do or irrelevant to your degree?

Speaker 2: Sometimes, but I always think that I gain something from a course. The question is, is it sometimes difficult? Sometimes it can be difficult, but I don't think that necessarily correlates to that being unuseful, if that makes sense.

Speaker 1: Have you ever had to contact Student Central or any other admin to resolve any issues with enrolling?

Speaker 2: Yes, definitely first year. I may or may not have missed a couple of deadlines, so I had to contact them, and they were super helpful.

Speaker 1: Was that process just easy for you?

Speaker 2: It was easy, to an extent. Sometimes it was, maybe they just, if it got busy.

Speaker 1: If there was a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do? For example, explain what the course is actually about, how it is relevant to your degree, or what career paths it might help introduce you to.

Speaker 2: I would say all three, and I would love, especially recommendations for what course combinations they would recommend me to have, because that's some of the stuff that I really struggle with, because I want to find courses that align with each other.

Speaker 1: Perfect, well thank you so much for your time.

Speaker 2: You're welcome, thank you.