https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/t/Section_7620_22283/IQCNW3f6lNfyR5bcRvbsew4rAYK1IYpFNxp8U89GHuvNkNg
Interview 4:
Age:22 Degree:Engineering  International Student year2

Speaker 1: So, the first question is, what sources of information or support do you usually use when making course selection decisions?

Speaker 2: Well, I will ask my friends, and sometimes I will check some course information from the UQ Library. And yeah, that's all. I mainly get information from my friends. Yeah.

Speaker 1: OK. So what information do you wish had been clearer or easier to find when you are choosing your courses?

Speaker 2: Maybe things like which prerequisites are needed for the course—what courses do I need to have learned before? And how to schedule the time for it, and how that scheduling will affect my school life. Yeah, that's all.

Speaker 1: OK. So what part of choosing courses feels most risky to get wrong for you?

Speaker 2: Maybe enrolling through ICANET and scheduling the courses on my timetable. I think, you know, everyone wants to have a convenient class time. But actually, many people want the same time slots, so you need to select the time as early as possible. I think that's difficult.

Speaker 1: OK. So have you ever been unsure whether a course would help you achieve your future career goals? If so, how did you decide whether to take it or not?

Speaker 2: Well, I think maybe all courses are helpful, but some might not seem useful to you personally. So I just choose the courses by myself, and sometimes I will ask my friends for advice. Yeah, I don't choose them solely for my future career.

Speaker 1: OK. So have you ever regretted choosing a course because it was too difficult, irrelevant to your major or desired career, or just not useful?

Speaker 2: No.

Speaker 1: OK, so last two questions. Have you ever had to contact the student center or another university administrative service to clarify or resolve an issue related to course selection or courses in general?

Speaker 2: Yes. Actually, I was a Foundation course (B course) student. At the end of the Foundation course, my student ID couldn't be converted to a UQ student ID. So I asked the UQ Library and Student Central for help to solve this problem. It took me almost 3 weeks to get my student ID sorted out, and I finally chose my courses on February 20th.

Speaker 1: Yeah, that's terrible. So the last question: if there were a tool to help you with course selection, what would you want it to do?

Speaker 2: I want this application to explain the course in detail, so that I don't have to ask the UQ Library for information. And I also want it to tell me how the course is relevant to my degree, so I can figure out if it's helpful for my study plan.

Speaker 1: Yeah, OK. Thank you very much. Have a good day.